    "Attention all passengers of the Orcadian: we have received word of a
peculiar situation. A shiny octopus has been found on this train. Please do
not be alarmed for the creature will not harm you. If you see this creature we
urge you to report your sighting to an immediate staff member. We apologize
for this inconvenience and hope your remaining stay on the Orcadian is free
of trouble."

An octopus on a train? And a shiny one at that. Preposterous! We are on a train
nowhere near the ocean and how could an octopus even manage to get into a train?
As a contemplated to myself upon hearing such a baffling announcement, I looked
around surveying the other passengers. A group of men chuckled to themselves at
the idea of an octupus running about on a train, a grandmother seemed perturbed
as her grandson was asking what an octopus was, and a worker scanned the room
annoyed. What could be done I thought to myself. Finding the atmosphere a tad
uncomfortable, I left my seat to get a drink.

A shiny octopus? How silly I continued to think to myself. Upon entering the
bar car, I found no one to be there. Seems nobody wanted to drink with an
octopus I chuckled to myself. As that thought ended in my mind, a faint glimmer
behind the bar caught my eye. Curious, I walked towards the glimmer to be met
with a surprise. There it was: a shiny octopus.

"Oh my god!" I yelled in my mind. I was shocked by the special shiny octopus. 
"I must be in a dream!" I thought. However, it was not a dream. It was a real
octopus with light! Then, I thought that I was in a great danger and I was
afraid of the special octopus could eat me. Thus, I pretended that I did not 
see that octopus and walked to another cabin of the train. However, I saw this
octopus again in the corner. I was astonished by the mind-blowing octopus and I
was froze until I was called by the train attendant.

"Excuse me sir," the attendant said, "but you really don't look to good."

He sounded concerned. I looked down and noticed that my shirt was 
drenched with sweat. Just seeing this octopus terrified me and my body 
was reacting to that fear. "The octopus is following me," I said in a 
quiet voice to the attendant who was looking more worried by the second. 

"What octopus?" the train attendent asked. "We are on a train nowhere 
near the ocean and how could an octopus even manage to get into a train?" 

This scared me even more. Weren't those my exact thoughts from earlier 
when they announced that the shiny octopus was on the train? Didn't he 
hear the announcement? Doesn't he see the ocotopus sitll in the corner?

"It's right there behind you," I whispered, scared about what his response would be.

"I think you need to see a doctor, sir. You're hallucinating and you 
look very unwell. There is no octopus behind me."

Just after the attendant finished that sentence, the bright light emanating
from the octopus got brighter and brighter until I couldn't see anymore.
However, I could still hear the attendant's voice asking "Sir?" Yet, no matter
how hard I tried, I couldn't say anything, the voice would not come out of my
mouth. Accompanying the light a ringing noise was growing with it. After a few
seconds, my vision was a bright white from the light and I couldn't hear
anything. All of a sudden, a familiar voice drowned out the noise accompanying
the light. "Attention all passengers of the Orcadian..."
